[breaking] legacy: refactoring of the old Logger (part 2 of 2) (#1625)
arduino/arduino-cli: docs/UPGRADING.md

always parsed by the function. Furthermore the function now should also correctly interpret `packager:arch` spelled with
the wrong casing.

> ### `github.com/arduino/arduino-cli/i18n.Init(...)` now takes only one argument
> 
> The signature of the function changed from:
> 
> ```go
> func Init(configLocale ...string) {
> ```
> 
> to
> 
> ```go
> func Init(configLocale string) {
> ```
> 
> If any extra argument was passed it can be safely removed since it was previously ignored.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
### `github.com/arduino/arduino-cli/i18n.Init(...)` now requires an empty string to be passed for autodetection of locale

For automated detection of locale, change the call from:

```go
func Init() {
```

to

```go
func Init("") {
```
````
Previously, only 0 or 1 arguments were accepted. It never allowed extra arguments.
